0.6.0 (July 24, 2017)
====================
The first full Beta of CMHealth, this release represents a major step forward in
our support of Apple's CareKit framework. In particular, we've added support for
CareKit version 1.2, released by Apple at the 2017 World Wide Developers Conference
(WWDC). It's now possible to sync all data from your CareKit app seamlessly
to the CloudMine Connected Health Cloud. Simply back your CareKit app with an
instance of our `CMHCarePlanStore` and get intelligent cloud data syncing
out of the box!

Additionally, this release makes it possible to share patient data from
CareKit with Care Providers and other parties through access control applied
on the server. You can now create apps for doctors, therapists, or other parties
to track their patients' progress and modify their Care Plans on the fly.

Finally, this release includes improvements to the patient data stored along side
the instance of `CMHUser`. Developers can now extend the `CMHUserData` model to store
arbitrary profile data via the `userInfo` dictionary, as well as create and save
mutable copies of existing patient data.

0.5.0 (August 9, 2016)
====================
A pre-Beta release of CMHealth that adds a convenient way to authenticate participants
using ResearchKit's built in Registration APIs. It is now possible to register a new
user up by simply supplying an `ORKTaskResult` that includes results from an `ORKRegistrationStep`.
Additionally, the SDK now includes a preconfigured view controller which wraps around
ResearchKit's `ORKLoginStepViewController` and handles all aspects of login and password
reset. The result is returned via delegate callback.

The custom CMHealth sign up and login view controllers have been removed, being redundant.
Developers can still opt to build custom registration and login experiences and authenticate
participants by passing username and password to the SDK.

0.4.0 (June 13, 2016)
=====================
A pre-Beta release of CMHealth with preliminary support for saving and fetching
data generated by Apple's newly released CareKit framework. CareKit support is
experimental and subject to change. Feedback is welcomed!

0.3.0 (April 28, 2016)
=====================
A pre-Beta release of CMHealth, with various new features and fixes, including:

* Added ability to query object fields when fetching saved results
* Added the ability to store and fetch user's consent PDF and Signature
* Added full documentation of the public API
* Ensured consistent, useful error message in the local SDK Domain
* Moved participant user data to a protected, profile object
* Fixed bug that caused crashing when saving results from date and time survey questions

0.2.1 (February 25, 2016)
======================
The first pre-Beta release of CMHealth, including functionality to effortlessly persist and fetch ResearchKit results to CloudMine's HIPAA compliant cloud data storage. The SDK also includes seamless user account management.
